docs/tutorial.md, before:

# QIceRadar Tutorial

## Initial Configuration

When you first click either of the QIceRadar plugin tooltips, you'll get an error mesage:
![](figures/invalid_config_root_data.png)
Click "Update Config":
![](figures/qiceradar_config.png)
then fill in the root directory where you want QIceRadar to save radargrams.

The other fields can stay empty for now; the first time you try to download data from NSIDC you will be prompted to update your config with that token. Click the "?" button for instructions on obtaining a token.

## Download Radargrams

Click the icon with the down arrow to activate the downloader tooltip:
<img src="figures/qiceradar_download.png" alt="QIceRadar download icon" width="100"/>


To download a line, click on the line in the map.
A dialog box will pop up, giving five options ordered by distance from the clicked point.
![](figures/download_selection.png)
Select the segment of interest and click OK.
Info about the selected radargram will appear:
![](figures/download_confirmation.png)
After checking how much data you'll be downloading, click "Download" to start the download.
![](figures/download_panel.png)
You can monitor download progress in the download panel, or cancel a download that’s taking too long.

After a segment has been successfully downloaded, it will turn purple in the map.


## View Radargrams


Click the icon with the eyeglasses to activate the viewer tooltip:

<img src="figures/qiceradar_view.png" alt="QIceRadar download icon" width="100"/>

Click on the transect that you want to view. There will be the same selection menu as for the downloader, then a viewer dockwidget will pop up.
![](figures/viewer_zoomed.png)
* Left-click and drag to zoom; the viewer supports zooming in to the full resolution in the published radargrams
* Right-click and drag to zoom out
* Or, click the "full" button to view the entire radargram.
* Click-and-drag in the left scroll bar to select a portion of the Y axis to view; same for the bottom scroll bar for the X axis.
* Use the Prev and Next buttons to scroll through a zoomed-in radargrams; each step will slightly overlap with the previously-displayed image.

Use the colormap dropdown and the color limits text entry boxes and/or sliders to adjust the appearance:
![](figures/viewer_appearance.png)

Activate the "Traces" checkbox to see a plot of intensities from a single trace of the radargram:
![](figures/viewer_traces.png)

Finally, activate the "Crosshairs" checkbox for a cursor to follow your mouse in the radargram and plot the lat/lon of that trace as a yellow point in the map view. Additionally, the map will always show the full extent of the radargram as a red line, and the currently-viewed extent as a thicker orange line.
![](figures/viewer_cursor.png)



## QGIS tips:

* To toggle all features in a group between selected/unselected, hold “command” while clicking on the group’s checkbox. Use this to show/hide different institutions / campaigns.
* To find a specific segment within a campaign given its name: right-click on the campaign -> “Open attribute table” -> select the row of interest. This will highlight that segment on the map.

Commit message:

Add mention of citation button to the tutorial

docs/tutorial.md, after:

# QIceRadar Tutorial

## Initial Configuration

When you first click either of the QIceRadar plugin tooltips, you'll get an error mesage:
![](figures/invalid_config_root_data.png)
Click "Update Config":
![](figures/qiceradar_config.png)
then fill in the root directory where you want QIceRadar to save radargrams.

The other fields can stay empty for now; the first time you try to download data from NSIDC you will be prompted to update your config with that token. Click the "?" button for instructions on obtaining a token.

## Download Radargrams

Click the icon with the down arrow to activate the downloader tooltip:
<img src="figures/qiceradar_download.png" alt="QIceRadar download icon" width="100"/>


To download a line, click on the line in the map.
A dialog box will pop up, giving five options ordered by distance from the clicked point. QIceRadar will only display segments that are currently visible in the layers menu.
![](figures/download_selection.png)
Select the segment of interest and click OK.
Info about the selected radargram will appear:
![](figures/download_confirmation.png)
After checking how much data you'll be downloading, click "Download" to start the download.
![](figures/download_panel.png)
You can monitor download progress in the download panel, or cancel a download that’s taking too long.

After a segment has been successfully downloaded, it will turn purple in the map.


## View Radargrams


Click the icon with the eyeglasses to activate the viewer tooltip:

<img src="figures/qiceradar_view.png" alt="QIceRadar download icon" width="100"/>

Click on the transect that you want to view. There will be the same selection menu as for the downloader, then a viewer dockwidget will pop up.
![](figures/viewer_zoomed.png)
* Left-click and drag to zoom; the viewer supports zooming in to the full resolution in the published radargrams
* Right-click and drag to zoom out
* Or, click the "full" button to view the entire radargram.
* Click-and-drag in the left scroll bar to select a portion of the Y axis to view; same for the bottom scroll bar for the X axis.
* Use the Prev and Next buttons to scroll through a zoomed-in radargrams; each step will slightly overlap with the previously-displayed image.

Use the colormap dropdown and the color limits text entry boxes and/or sliders to adjust the appearance:
![](figures/viewer_appearance.png)

Activate the "Traces" checkbox to see a plot of intensities from a single trace of the radargram:
![](figures/viewer_traces.png)

Activate the "Crosshairs" checkbox to associate features between the radargram and the map. A cursor will follow your mouse in the radargram, while the lat/lon of that trace will appear as a yellow point in the map view. Additionally, the map will always show the full extent of the radargram as a red line, and the currently-viewed extent as a thicker orange line.
![](figures/viewer_cursor.png)

Citation information is available by clicking the "Citation" button in the viewer.

## QGIS tips:

* To toggle all features in a group between selected/unselected, hold “command” while clicking on the group’s checkbox. Use this to show/hide different institutions / campaigns.
* To find a specific segment within a campaign given its name: right-click on the campaign -> “Open attribute table” -> select the row of interest. This will highlight that segment on the map.
